W-20241417-hsa-feedback-kt (#355)
mulesoft/docs-hosting: hybrid-standalone/modules/ROOT/pages/hybrid-standalone-requirements-limitations.adoc

Be aware of the constraints and limitations that affect hybrid standalone deployments to plan your infrastructure accordingly.

> A target represents any deployment destination for Mule applications, including individual servers, server groups, or clusters. For example, a server group containing 8 servers constitutes a single target for deployment purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A target represents any deployment destination for Mule applications, including individual servers, server groups, or clusters. For example, a server group with eight servers is a single target for deployment purposes.

For comprehensive network configuration guidance, refer to xref:configure-ports-ips.adoc[Adding Ports, IPs, and Hostnames for Runtime Manager Agent].

=== Deployment Limits

> Plan your application deployment strategy within these tested and recommended limits to ensure reliable performance and avoid platform constraints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plan your application deployment strategy within these tested and recommended limits to make sure reliable performance and avoid platform constraints.
```
